Implements DLQ storage policy (#13923)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/dead-letter-queues.asciidoc

By default, the maximum size of each dead letter queue is set to 1024mb. To
change this setting, use the `dead_letter_queue.max_bytes` option.  Entries
will be dropped if they would increase the size of the dead letter queue beyond
this setting and the `dead_letter_queue.storage_policy` has value `drop_newer`.

> In case the storage policy is configured to `fifo`, the oldest events are removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the storage policy is configured to `drop_older`, the oldest events are removed
```

> this setting and the `dead_letter_queue.storage_policy` has value `drop_newer`.
> In case the storage policy is configured to `drop_older`, the oldest events are removed
> to make space for newer ones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this setting.
Use the `dead_letter_queue.storage_policy` option to control which entries should be dropped to avoid exceeding the size limit. 
Set the value to `drop_newer` (default) to stop accepting new values that would push the file size over the limit. 
Set the value to `drop_older` to remove the oldest events to make space for new ones.
```
